attribution_k: 'highway' appears 2153 times
attribution_k: 'source' appears 1355 times
attribution_k: 'building' appears 1013 times
attribution_k: 'name' appears 901 times
attribution_k: 'oneway' appears 736 times
attribution_k: 'name:en' appears 443 times
attribution_k: 'power' appears 418 times
attribution_k: 'bridge' appears 377 times
attribution_k: 'layer' appears 318 times
attribution_k: 'lanes' appears 307 times
attribution_k: 'created_by' appears 287 times
attribution_k: 'ref' appears 225 times
attribution_k: 'natural' appears 130 times
attribution_k: 'landuse' appears 122 times
attribution_k: 'amenity' appears 122 times
attribution_k: 'waterway' appears 106 times
attribution_k: 'railway' appears 94 times
attribution_k: 'building:levels' appears 80 times
attribution_k: 'roof:shape' appears 74 times
attribution_k: 'roof:colour' appears 73 times
attribution_k: 'addr:housenumber' appears 58 times
attribution_k: 'leisure' appears 55 times
attribution_k: 'roof:levels' appears 54 times
attribution_k: 'addr:street' appears 53 times
attribution_k: 'service' appears 53 times
attribution_k: 'height' appears 47 times
attribution_k: 'name:zh' appears 43 times
attribution_k: 'maxspeed' appears 38 times
attribution_k: 'name:zh_pinyin' appears 37 times
attribution_k: 'traffic_calming' appears 35 times
attribution_k: 'barrier' appears 34 times
attribution_k: 'network' appears 34 times
attribution_k: 'addr:city' appears 32 times
attribution_k: 'surface' appears 29 times
attribution_k: 'foot' appears 28 times
attribution_k: 'access' appears 28 times
attribution_k: 'int_name' appears 27 times
attribution_k: 'cycleway' appears 27 times
attribution_k: 'building:part' appears 26 times
attribution_k: 'shop' appears 25 times
attribution_k: 'leaf_cycle' appears 24 times
attribution_k: 'leaf_type' appears 24 times
attribution_k: 'aeroway' appears 24 times
attribution_k: 'gauge' appears 23 times
attribution_k: 'bicycle' appears 22 times
attribution_k: 'voltage' appears 22 times
attribution_k: 'tourism' appears 20 times
attribution_k: 'electrified' appears 19 times
attribution_k: 'place' appears 18 times
attribution_k: 'building:colour' appears 18 times
attribution_k: 'cycleway:right' appears 17 times
attribution_k: 'usage' appears 16 times
attribution_k: 'frequency' appears 15 times
attribution_k: 'shelter' appears 15 times
attribution_k: 'int_ref' appears 14 times
attribution_k: 'addr:postcode' appears 14 times
attribution_k: 'sport' appears 14 times
attribution_k: 'footway' appears 14 times
attribution_k: 'tunnel' appears 14 times
attribution_k: 'min_height' appears 14 times
attribution_k: 'bench' appears 13 times
attribution_k: 'cuisine' appears 13 times
attribution_k: 'note' appears 13 times
attribution_k: 'man_made' appears 12 times
attribution_k: 'lit' appears 12 times
attribution_k: 'embankment' appears 11 times
attribution_k: 'old_ref' appears 10 times
attribution_k: 'motor_vehicle' appears 10 times
attribution_k: 'water' appears 9 times
attribution_k: 'addr:housename' appears 9 times
attribution_k: 'public_transport' appears 8 times
attribution_k: 'highspeed' appears 7 times
attribution_k: 'admin_level' appears 7 times
attribution_k: 'boundary' appears 7 times
attribution_k: 'horse' appears 7 times
attribution_k: 'phone' appears 7 times
attribution_k: 'name:zh-hant' appears 7 times
attribution_k: 'area' appears 7 times
attribution_k: 'generator:source' appears 6 times
attribution_k: 'operator' appears 6 times
attribution_k: 'building:material' appears 6 times
attribution_k: 'capacity' appears 5 times
attribution_k: 'opening_hours' appears 5 times
attribution_k: 'website' appears 5 times
attribution_k: 'entrance' appears 5 times
attribution_k: 'cables' appears 5 times
attribution_k: 'roof:material' appears 4 times
attribution_k: 'religion' appears 4 times
attribution_k: 'type' appears 4 times
attribution_k: 'construction' appears 4 times
attribution_k: 'name:vi' appears 4 times
attribution_k: 'golf' appears 3 times
attribution_k: 'gns:DSG' appears 3 times
attribution_k: 'location' appears 3 times
attribution_k: 'gns:ADM1' appears 3 times
attribution_k: 'historic' appears 3 times
attribution_k: 'roof:orientation' appears 3 times
attribution_k: 'subway' appears 3 times
attribution_k: 'internet_access' appears 3 times
attribution_k: 'roof:height' appears 3 times
attribution_k: 'toll' appears 3 times
attribution_k: 'alt_name' appears 3 times
attribution_k: 'china_class' appears 3 times
attribution_k: 'width' appears 3 times
attribution_k: 'start_date' appears 3 times
attribution_k: 'gns:UFI' appears 3 times
attribution_k: 'gns:UNI' appears 3 times
attribution_k: 'name:fr' appears 3 times
attribution_k: 'addr:country' appears 3 times
attribution_k: 'office' appears 2 times
attribution_k: 'lanes:start' appears 2 times
attribution_k: 'motorcycle' appears 2 times
attribution_k: 'junction' appears 2 times
attribution_k: 'destination:to' appears 2 times
attribution_k: 'source:name' appears 2 times
attribution_k: 'fixme' appears 2 times
attribution_k: 'level' appears 2 times
attribution_k: 'circuits' appears 2 times
attribution_k: 'parking' appears 2 times
attribution_k: 'lanes:end' appears 2 times
attribution_k: 'local_ref' appears 2 times
attribution_k: 'wikipedia' appears 2 times
attribution_k: 'flagfp' appears 2 times
attribution_k: 'moped' appears 2 times
attribution_k: 'boat' appears 2 times
attribution_k: 'motorcar' appears 2 times
attribution_k: 'bus' appears 2 times
attribution_k: 'old_name' appears 2 times
attribution_k: 'smoking' appears 2 times
attribution_k: 'segregated' appears 2 times
attribution_k: 'oneway:bicycle' appears 2 times
attribution_k: 'information' appears 2 times
attribution_k: 'url' appears 2 times
attribution_k: 'traffic_signals' appears 2 times
attribution_k: 'takeaway' appears 2 times
attribution_k: 'colour' appears 2 times
attribution_k: 'taxi' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'width:lanes:start' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'building:type' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'covered' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'psv' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'emergency' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'designation' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'route_ref' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'monorail' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'roof:angle' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'name:etymology:wikidata' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'name:ja' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'contact:email' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'building:use' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'destination:street:to' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'substation' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'goods' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'incline' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'country' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'route' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'atm' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'advertising' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'mofa' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'name:zh-CN' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'drive_through' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'name:de' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'fee' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'attraction' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'support' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'stars' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'name:zh-Hant-CN' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'turkey_class' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'delivery' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'maxheight' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'line' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'park_ride' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'width:lanes:end' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'stopping' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'tracktype' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'backrest' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'busway:right' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'memorial' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'animal' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'supervised' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'fix_me' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'fence_type' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'payment:telephone_cards' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'wheelchair' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'destination:street' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'hgv' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'website:en' appears 1 times
attribution_k: 'passing_places' appears 1 times
